Fire
The palace is out of water.
Fire!
Let's go.
There's only one princess here.
Burn and die.
Don't worry about your own business.
Go.
There is an emperor inside.
Master, this woman is burning to die with the emperor.
Back to the palace.
We didn't save the Emperor, a fool who only wants beauty.
Why do we have to save him?
Your Majesty.
I came to save you.
Who's that?
Princess
How in the world can there be such a stupid and stupid woman?
Let's go.
The Lord s love for you is worth singing about.
Fire
Fire!
Don't be afraid, Your Majesty.
I'm here.
Princess
You risked your life to save me.
If it wasn't you
I'll be burned to death in that cold palace.
As long as the emperor's dragon body was unobstructed.
I die without regret.
Xiao Su Zi, where is the poison?
About His Majesty
That one.
That toxic woman he told you about.
We shouldn't be too soft to see her.
Princess Yao, please save your life.
My teeth are unforgettable.
Your Majesty is still in detention.
We can't stay here.
I'd like to resign first.
Princess, go.
In the future, I will definitely have a new day of grace.
Why is the princess wearing a veil?
Your Majesty is not beautiful now.
How can it not be beautiful?
Princess Love National Colors
Deep in my heart
Ah.
Ghosts.